Old man, my name is Li Sihai
How are you going to kill me?
Li Sihai is also my father's name
Can you call out
I will never be Tarzan
It's all a misunderstanding
I don't know.
I didn't know you knew this loser
I didn't know you knew Brother Song
It's all a misunderstanding, it's all a misunderstanding
Misunderstandings can pick anyone to guard against rape
Please listen to me explain
Let me explain.
bully
How dare you pick people to keep gold in broad daylight
I think it's darker than the underworld
There is no need for the Ye family to exist anymore
fuck
sweep satellite
Why didn't you tell me he knew Lee Senhai?
That's not possible.
That's not going to happen.
Doctor, listen to me
This waste before this
I know everyone I know
How could he possibly know the richest man in Jiangcheng?
These two must be the actors they're looking for
Absolutely it must be fake
Are you sure doctor I'm sure
I'm sure before that
He has access to the richest people
It's just a contractor
How could he be the richest person born?
Okay, the calf was almost deceived by you
Dare to pretend to be Mr. Li
I think you should disappear from this world
You'll know who we are right away
Stinky bitch, you're still pretending to be that wild boy here
Don't listen to him
Send someone to capture him and send him to history
At that time, the president will definitely reward us.
You grab
Come on.
What!